The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Qwiery. By accessing, browsing and/or using this web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this web site.

Information on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Qwiery may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice.

Qwiery assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the information that is provided and use of such information is at the recipient’s own risk. Qwiery provides no assurances that any reported problems may be resolved with the use of any information that Qwiery provides.

Qwiery does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web site. Please note that any information or material sent to Qwiery will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending Qwiery any information or material, you grant Qwiery an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that Qwiery is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.

Qwiery makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web site which you may access through this one. When you access a non-Orbifold Web site, even one that may contain Qwiery-logo, please understand that it is independent from Qwiery, and that Qwiery has no control over the content on that Web site. In addition, a link to a non-Orbifold Web site does not mean that Qwiery endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such Web site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.

IN NO EVENT WILL Qwiery BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPER LINKED WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

ALL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED BY Qwiery ON AN “AS IS” BASIS ONLY. Qwiery PROVIDES NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

Qwiery may at any time revise these terms by updating this posting. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current terms to which you are bound.